Learn Forms design basics (#6267)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/learn/forms/design-basics/index.md

Test your form by only using keyboard navigation.
The tab order should follow the visual order.
You can view the
[source order in Chrome DevTools](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/new-in-devtools-92/#source-order).
{% endAside %}

### Help users interact with forms

To avoid accidental taps and clicks,
and help users interact with your form, make your buttons big enough.
The recommended
[tap target size](/accessible-tap-targets/) of a button is at least 48px.
You should also add enough spacing between form controls using the `margin`
CSS property to help avoid accidental interactions.

The default size of form controls is too small to be really usable. You should increase the size by using `padding` and changing the default `font-size`.

{% Aside %}
Use at least `1rem` (which for most browsers has a default value of 16px)
as the `font-size` for your form controls.
This [prevents a page zoom](https://css-tricks.com/16px-or-larger-text-prevents-ios-form-zoom/)
on iOS Safari when a form control is focused.
{% endAside %}

You can define different sizes for different pointing devices,
for example, a mouse, using the  `pointer` CSS media feature.

```css

> // has a pointing device, for example, a mouse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// pointer device, for example, a mouse
```

@media (pointer: fine) {
  input[type="checkbox"] {
    width: 15px;
    height: 15px;
  }
}

> // pointing device of limited accuracy, for example, a touch-based device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// pointer device of limited accuracy, for example, a touch-based device
```

@media (pointer: coarse) {
  input[type="checkbox"] {
    width: 30px;
    height: 30px;
  }
}
```

Learn more about the
[`pointer` CSS media feature](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/pointer).

### Show errors where they happen

To make it straightforward for users to find out which form control needs their attention,
display error messages next to the form control they refer to.
When displaying errors on form submission, make sure to navigate to the first invalid form control.

> ### How does your user know what data to enter?

Reviewer: Sounds a bit like you only have one user :-)

```suggestion
### Make it clear to users what data to enter
```

Make sure users understand how to enter valid data.
Do they need to enter at least eight characters? Tell them.

```html
<label for="password">Password (required)</label>

> <input required minlength="8" type="password" id="password"
>   name="password" aria-describedby="password-minlength">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<input required minlength="8" type="password" id="password" name="password" aria-describedby="password-minlength">
```

<span id="password-minlength">Enter at least eight characters</span>
```

{% Aside %}

> Make it clear to users which fields are required.

Reviewer: Not sure, why I added this inside an aside, I think we don't need the aside here.

```suggestion
### Make it clear to users which fields are required.

```html
<label for="name">Name (required)</label>
<input name="name" id="name">
```

Learn more about
[indicating required fields](https://www.deque.com/blog/anatomy-of-accessible-forms-required-form-fields/).

If most fields are required,
it's also
[an option to indicate the optional fields](https://www.lukew.com/ff/entry.asp?725).

> {% endAside %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
